cockpit 226, cockpit-podman 22 (#341)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2020-08-19-cockpit-226-cockpit-podman-22.md

---
title: Cockpit 226 and Cockpit Podman 22
author: mvo
date: 2020-08-19
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-226
category: release
summary: Cockpit and Cockpit Podman news
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/).
We release regularly. Here are the release notes from Cockpit version 226 and Cockpit Podman version 22.

### Storage: Better support for "noauto" LUKS devices

> Cockpit now behaves more sensible with encrypted filesystems that have
> "noauto" in their LUKS options. Such a filesystem will now also always
> have "noauto" in their mounting options even when mounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cockpit  Encrypted filesystems with "noauto" in LUKS options now .... ??!??!?
```

This needs rewriting, but it doesn't say what Cockpit did before or what it does now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cockpit now better respects the "noauto" option for encrypted filesystems.

Previously, Cockpit would force a "noauto" encrypted filesystem to mount at next boot when it was simply mounted within Cockpit. Now, a filesystem with the "noauto" settings will remain unmounted.
```

Reviewer: Another try:

```suggestion
Cockpit now better respects the LUKS "noauto" option for encrypted filesystems.

Previously, Cockpit would force a encrypted filesystem to mount at next boot when it was simply mounted within Cockpit. Now, encrypted filesystems set with "noauto" will remain unmounted during boot.

Please [refer to issue 14467](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/issues/14467) for more details.
```

### Podman: Support for pod group deletion

The cockpit-podman plugin gained the ability to delete pod groups.

> ![Pod group deletion](/images/podman-pod-deletion.png){:.screenshot}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Pod group deletion](/images/podman-pod-deletion.png)
```

We don't necessarily need the screenshot class on a screenshot. It's intended to add a border around partial screenshots. This screenshot already has a border inside the image itself.

(Perhaps I should rename the class.)

Author: Ah, I see! I just copied this from the previous release notes without understanding what it does.
